screenkey: add page (#5999)
tldr-pages/tldr: pages/linux/screenkey.md

# screenkey

> > A screencast tool to display your keys.

Reviewer: What do you think about this, @ashishbinu?
```suggestion
> A screencast tool to display keys currently being pressed.
```

Author: How about this?

```suggestion
> A screencast tool to display the keys pressed.
```

Reviewer: Sounds better than mine, except would sound even bit better if you removed `the`, like this:
```suggestion
> A screencast tool to display keys pressed.
```

Reviewer 2: I don't know how much value we want to give this, but I think `the keys pressed` may be a bit easier to read for non-native speakers.

Reviewer: Well, it just doesn't sound very good, and I can't exactly put my finger on it, but the subject "keys pressed" seems a bit too small for `the` 🤔

> More information: <https://www.thregr.org/~wavexx/software/screenkey/>.

> - Display your keys pressed on the screen:

Reviewer 3: ```suggestion
- Display keys which are currently being pressed on the screen:
```

`screenkey`

> - Display your keys and mouse buttons pressed on the screen:

Reviewer 3: ```suggestion
- Display keys and mouse buttons which are currently being pressed on the screen:
```

`screenkey --mouse`

> - Launch settings menu of screenkey:

Reviewer 3: ```suggestion
- Launch the settings menu of screenkey:
```

`screenkey --show-settings`

> - Change the postion(top/center/bottom/fixed) of screenkey:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- Change the position (top/center/bottom/fixed) of screenkey:
```

> - Change the position of screenkey:

Reviewer 2: Does it open a new window at this position or does it change the position of a running screenkey instance?

Author: @marchersimon It creates a new instance and places it on the given position. If there is a running instance in the background, running `screenkey --position top` will create a new screenkey instance at specified position i.e. there would be two instances running simultaneously.

Reviewer 2: Then how about:
```suggestion
- Launch screenkey at a specific position:
```

Author: How about the above change @CleanMachine1 @bl-ue ?

Author: How about the above change @CleanMachine1 @bl-ue ?

Reviewer 3: Please dont ping us twice.

Reviewer: It was an accident, I believe @CleanMachine1 :)

Reviewer: Looks good to me @ashishbinu!

Author: > Please dont ping us twice.

Sorry I didn't know it was sent twice.My internet was kinda slow when I tried to send it.

Reviewer 3: Ah, ok, just sent 2 requests. No harm! Just seemed like you were spamming a little :+1:

> - Change the postion(top/center/bottom/fixed) of screenkey:
> 
> `screenkey --position top`
> 

Reviewer 3: ```suggestion
- Change the postion of screenkey:

`screenkey --position {{top|center|bottom|fixed}}`

```

> - Change the modifiers displayed on the screen like ctrl to ⌘ in mac mode:

Reviewer 3: ```suggestion
- Change the modifiers displayed on the screen like Ctrl to ⌘ in mac mode:
```

> - Change the modifiers displayed on the screen like ctrl to ⌘ in mac mode:
> 
> `screenkey --mods-mode mac`

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- Change the format of the key modifiers displayed on screen:

`screenkey --mods-mode {{normal|mac|emacs}}`
```

Author: I added all the available options below. Should I commit all the suggested  changes as a single commit if everything looks good?
```suggestion
- Change the format of the key modifiers displayed on screen:

`screenkey --mods-mode {{normal|emacs|mac|win|tux}}`
```

- Change the appearance of screenkey:

> `screenkey --bg-color '#353535' --font Hack --font-color yellow --opacity 0.8`

Reviewer: ```suggestion
`screenkey --bg-color "{{#353535}}" --font {{Hack}} --font-color {{yellow}} --opacity {{0.8}}`
```

Reviewer 3: Most of these are in my changes

Reviewer: It's better to change the single quotes to double and include the hashtag.

> `screenkey --bg-color '#353535' --font Hack --font-color yellow --opacity 0.8`

Reviewer 3: ```suggestion
`screenkey --bg-color '#{{353535}}' --font {{font_name}} --font-color {{color}} --opacity {{0.8}}`
```

> `screenkey --bg-color "{{#353535}}" --font {{Hack}} --font-color {{yellow}} --opacity {{0.8}}`

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
`screenkey --bg-color "{{#3b3b3b}}" --font {{Hack}} --font-color {{yellow}} --opacity {{0.8}}`
```
A hex code without a single letter kind of doesn't look right 😄

Reviewer 3: I think it should be #FFFFFF

Reviewer 2: How would that be a benefit? I think `3b3b3b` is astethically more pleasing than `FFFFFF`.

Reviewer: How about `#A1B2C3`?

Reviewer 2: This would prabably be the most generic variant. However I prefer `#a1b2c3`.

Author: Yeah, I also prefer `#a1b2c3`.
```suggestion
`screenkey --bg-color "{{#a1b2c3}}" --font {{Hack}} --font-color {{yellow}} --opacity {{0.8}}`
```

Reviewer 3: That auto hex to color is pretty nice!

- Drag and select a window on screen to display screenkey:

> `screenkey --position fixed --geometry $(slop -n -f '%g')`

Reviewer: ```suggestion
`screenkey --position fixed --geometry {{$(slop -n -f '%g')}}`
```

> `screenkey --position fixed --geometry {{$(slop -n -f '%g')}}`

Reviewer 2: > screenkey: error: argument -g/--geometry: invalid geometry value: '{{330x157+1314+533}}'

Doesn't really work for me. I can select an area, but then I get the above error.

Author: The double curly brackets `{{}}` should not be included when the command is run in the terminal. It is a token syntax to show user provided values which tldr clients will need to highlight it.

Reviewer 2: Being a tldr maintainer for a few months and still forgetting that `{{ }}` is tldr-only syntax... 😄
